first up I'm going to apply a protectant
all over my sister's hair now I'm going
to grab my paddle brush and I'm just
going to brush your hair to distribute
the product now I'm going to grab two
strands near the front of her head and
I'm going to twist it like still
together and as I'm twisting I'm going
to pick up hair from the bottom strand
and I'm just going to incorporate it
into the twist all the way just like so
and if you're a little bit confused
there's a video right there and you can
click the link and I actually explained
it better there so that might help you
out a bit you can pause this video and
watch your first set now if you want
this to be more of the side too you can
continue to twist this all the way to
the other side of your ear but I'm just
going to stop a little bit past halfway
and then I'm just going to grab a hair
tie and I'm gonna tie the two strands
together now I'm going to continue and
do the exact same thing to the other
side of her hair just grabbing two
strands and twisting it incorporating
hair into one of the strands only and
I'm going to twist it all the way till
it reaches the other one
annalee I'm going to remove the hair tie
and I'm going to tie the hair all
together now I'm just gonna pull it
loose a bit and I'm gonna make a hole
like so and I'm just going to take the
ponytail and I'm gonna loop it right
inside the hole and as you can see this
will make the twist more defined now I'm
going to grab my Amica kerning iron and
I'm going to curl all the hair this will
make the next process really easy so
just curl the entire ponytail
so when you're all done your curls
should look like this and what I'm gonna
do next is grab some bobby pins
preferably ones this the same color as
your hair and I'm just gonna take one of
the strands and I'm just going to pin it
where the twist is and hide the bobby
pin and then I'm going to do the same
thing with all of our hair so just
position them everywhere and if your
hair is long that you might want to
twist it like this just to shorten the
length of the hair now if I were to do
this hairstyle on myself I would make
this more of a side two and put the loop
right near the side that way I can see
where I'm pinning my curls and where
they look good at now when you get to
the end of your hair start pinning the
curls at the bottom as well you don't
have to put them all at the top so just
placing some at the bottom like so and
next you want to grab some hairspray and
spray your curls in place and of course
I always accessorize just sticking
flowers right at the top and that is the
completed look I hope you guys enjoyed
the tour and I will talk to you soon